Updated supported versions as per Function App learn.microsoft.com documentation (#194)
Azure/azure-functions-python-library: README.md

## Overview

> Python support for Azure Functions is based on Python 3.7/3.8/3.9 and 3.10, serverless hosting on Linux and the Functions 2.0, 3.0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Python support for Azure Functions is based on Python 3.7, 3.8, 3.9, 3.10, and 3.11, serverless hosting on Linux, and the Functions 2.x ([EOL](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/azure-functions/functions-versions?#retired-versions)), 3.x ([EOL](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/azure-functions/functions-versions?#retired-versions))
```
